# AI Addendum

1. <span class="header_2" id="1">AI Services</span>
    1. <span class="header_3" id="1.1">Using AI Services.</span>  The AI Services are part of the Product and subject to the Agreement as supplemented by this AI Addendum. <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> may use AI Services by providing Input. The AI Services may generate Output in response to Input. <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> may copy, display, modify, distribute, and use Input to the extent necessary to provide the AI Services as contemplated by this AI Addendum. <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> authorizes <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> to process Input for all such purposes.
    2. <span class="header_3" id="1.2">Restrictions.</span>  Without limiting the restrictions contained in the Agreement, <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> will not (and will not allow anyone else to): (a) use the AI Services for decision-making in a regulated industry or capacity without proper human oversight and review in compliance with Applicable Laws and applicable professional ethics, guidelines, and rules; (b) use the AI Services to violate, misappropriate, or otherwise infringe the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of others; or (c) falsely state Output was created by a human.
    3. <span class="header_3" id="1.3">Model Training.</span>  Unless the Cover Page identifies <span class="coverpage_link">Training Data</span> and <span class="coverpage_link">Training Purposes</span>, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> may not use <span class="coverpage_link">Customer's</span> Inputs or Outputs to Train any Model. If the Cover Page permits Training, then subject to the <span class="coverpage_link">Training Restrictions</span>, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> may copy, modify, distribute, and use <span class="coverpage_link">Training Data</span> for the <span class="coverpage_link">Training Purposes</span>.
    4. <span class="header_3" id="1.4">Non-Training Improvement.</span>  Subject to the <span class="coverpage_link">Improvement Restrictions</span>, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> may use Input, Output, and <span class="coverpage_link">Training Data</span> to provide, maintain, develop, and improve the AI System, provided that such usage does not constitute Training except to the extent authorized for <span class="coverpage_link">Training Purposes</span>.
2. <span class="header_2" id="2">Intellectual Property and Privacy</span>
    1. <span class="header_3" id="2.1">Ownership.</span>  As between the parties, <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> (a) retains all right, title, and interest in and to all Input, and (b) owns all Output. To the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> hereby assigns to <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> all right, title, and interest—if any—in and to Output.
    2. <span class="header_3" id="2.2">Personal Data.</span>  Nothing in this AI Addendum will reduce or limit <span class="coverpage_link">Provider's</span> obligations under Applicable Data Protection Laws regarding Personal Data that may be contained in Input.
    3. <span class="header_3" id="2.3">Rights to Input.</span>  <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> represents and warrants that it, all Users, and anyone submitting Input each have and will continue to have all rights necessary to submit Input to the AI Services.
3. <span class="header_2" id="3">Disclaimers</span>
    1. <span class="header_3" id="3.1">Nature of AI.</span>  Due to the nature of artificial intelligence and machine learning, information generated by the AI Services may be incorrect or inaccurate. The AI Services are not human and are not a substitute for human oversight. Output generated by the AI Services may not be protectable as intellectual property.
    2. <span class="header_3" id="3.2">Similarity of Output.</span>  Output may resemble or be duplicative of data, information, and materials created by the AI Services for others. <span class="coverpage_link">Provider</span> does not provide any representation or warranty that Output (a) does not and will not incorporate or reflect the data, information, prompts, or materials of others, (b) will not violate, misappropriate, or otherwise infringe upon the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of another person or entity, or (c) will not be reproduced in the same or similar way to another user of the AI Services.
4. <span class="header_2" id="4">Definitions</span>
    1. <span id="4.1"></span>**"AI Addendum Standard Terms"** means these Common Paper AI Addendum Standard Terms Version 1.0, which are posted at [https://commonpaper.com/standards/ai-addendum/1.0/](https://commonpaper.com/standards/ai-addendum/1.0/).
    2. <span id="4.2"></span>**"AI Services"** means the artificial intelligence or machine learning components of the Product, including the AI System and underlying Model(s).
    3. <span id="4.3"></span>**"AI System"** means the artificial intelligence or machine learning application, program, and services layers of the AI Services, excluding the underlying Models.
    4. <span id="4.4"></span>**"Input"** means the data, information, prompts, or materials submitted by or on behalf of <span class="coverpage_link">Customer</span> or Users to the AI Services but excludes Feedback.
    5. <span id="4.5"></span>**"Model"** means a large language, machine learning, or artificial intelligence model.
    6. <span id="4.6"></span>**"Output"** means the data, information, or materials created by the AI Services in response to Input.
    7. <span id="4.7"></span>**"Train"** or **"Training"** means the use of data, information, or materials to create or improve a Model.
